disciplines:
	versioning setup:
		w.xyz
			w = major code changes such as total rearagment of code
			x = code additions
			y = minor code changes such as varible additions or number changes
			z = non-function code changes such as comments
			
			THERE WILL BE A FILE FOR THE VERSIONING NUMBER TO BE ADDED TO ALONG WITH A SHORT DESCRIPTION OF WHAT WAS CHANGED
			
			please add the date of the version update at the end of the discription of changes!
			
			
	gitHub Rules:
		at the end of meetings on saturdays all branches THAT WORK will be merged to main branch and then uploaded
		to individual branches
		
		if there is a branch that is working properly then it is a group decision as to if we make a tag out of that 
		branch so that we can revert back
		
		your branch is your branch you may do what you wish with it. if you do not thing it will work please do not
		merge to main
		
		YOU MUST COMMITE WELL all commits must have good explinations as to what was changes this is the main base of the whole thing
	
		
	Variable Rules:
		all static (non code changing variables) should be what they are about and in caps please use C_[Var name]
		all non-static (code changing variables) should be in caps with a V_[Var name]
		all variables should be inside the RobotMap.java class this is were the variables are for easy access
		to all variables
		PLEASE NAME ALL VARIABLES AS STRAIGHT FORWARD AS POS. (please make the variable names what they are)
		
		
	comments:
		please comment as well as posible so that anyone can take a look at the code and know what is going on
		josh will also help with the comments for doxygen so that we can have a visual diagram of what goes on 
		in the end
		
		
	Jobs and Todo List:
		please visit the todo file that is attached to see current progress and what jobs are due by who when and who has done what
		when you compleat something please change what you compleated in the todo list with your name at the end!!!!!!! this is going to 
		help poeple who have questions to know who to goto
		
		
	genral team rules:
		THERE WILL BE NO GAMEING 
			if you are cought gameing and there are things that need to be done there will be a problem. we do not have enough time to be playing games
				if you think there is nothing you can do see the todo list this list is were you will find everything that needs to be done. just because your name is not 
				attached to a job does not mean that you are not allowed to do it. inless it has a W_ in front of it or a D_ you can work on it MINUS AUTON
				
		these disiplines are asked to be fallowed they are the guide lines to the programming team. we dont have as much time as you thing [last year the code was not fully done intell 
		after our first comp]
		
		if you have any questions you can ask either josh, dustin, or the person whos name is at then end of the job list
		
		YOU MUST USE THE VERSIONING FILE!!!! AND YOU MUST COMMIT PROPERLLY!!!!! THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT!!!!
		
		
		
	Josh:
		Josh has decided that this year he is going to fix major error make sure doxygen is working and updated. he is going to make sure the 
		comments are correct and things are being fallowed
		
		he is open for any questions that you have
		
		
	Dustin:
		Dustin has decided that this year he is going to make sure that things are being layed out corectly people are worling things get done 
		and every one understands what is going on. he is going to check in with every one and make sure that the versioning chart is updated
		
		he is open for any questions you may have
		